Other items to check manually (10)
Hide
Interactive controls are keyboard focusable
Custom interactive controls are keyboard focusable and display a focus indicator. Learn how to make custom controls focusable .Not rated
Interactive elements indicate their purpose and state
Interactive elements, such as links and buttons, should indicate their state and be distinguishable from non-interactive elements. Learn how to decorate interactive elements with affordance hints .Not rated
The page has a logical tab order
Tabbing through the page follows the visual layout. Users cannot focus elements that are offscreen. Learn more about logical tab ordering .Not rated
Visual order on the page follows DOM order
DOM order matches the visual order, improving navigation for assistive technology. Learn more about DOM and visual ordering .Not rated
User focus is not accidentally trapped in a region
A user can tab into and out of any control or region without accidentally trapping their focus. Learn how to avoid focus traps .Not rated
The user's focus is directed to new content added to the page
If new content, such as a dialog, is added to the page, the user's focus is directed to it. Learn how to direct focus to new content .Not rated
HTML5 landmark elements are used to improve navigation
Landmark elements ( <main>, <nav>, etc.) are used to improve the keyboard navigation of the page for assistive technology. Learn more about landmark elements .Not rated
Offscreen content is hidden from assistive technology
Offscreen content is hidden with display: none or aria-hidden=true. Learn how to properly hide offscreen content .Not rated
Custom controls have associated labels
Custom interactive controls have associated labels, provided by aria-label or aria-labelledby. Learn more about custom controls and labels .Not rated
Custom controls have ARIA roles
Custom interactive controls have appropriate ARIA roles. Learn how to add roles to custom controls .Not rated
These elements relate to areas that an automated testing tool cannot cover. Consult our guide on conducting an accessibility review .